### Project Title : **RDF Generation Script**

- ##### **Description**:

     The **RDF Generation Script** is a simple yet facilitative script designed to generate an RDF file (specifically Zotero RDF) for fast importing a lot of unorganized files into Zotero software. Built in Python, this script is simple to edit and understand, making it a beneficial tool for anyone with basic programming skills who needs to archive multiple files for efficient searching later.
     
 - ##### **Pre-Requirements:**

     - **Python** [I made and tested the script in Python 3.12.3, but should work in some previous versions with no problems] 
     - **Zotero Software** [Download it from https://www.zotero.org/]
     - **Operating System : Windows**
     
- ##### **Installation Instructions**:
    
    - **Step 1 : Clone Repository** :
	    git clone https://github.com/yourusername/random-content-generator.git
	
    - **Step 2 : Navigate to the project directory** :
	    cd random-content-generator
	
    - **Step 3 : Install the required dependencies**:
	    pip install -r requirements.txt

- ##### **Usage**:

     After installing the libraries in the requirements.txt, and navigating to the source file using the cmd. Run the command 
	     Python GenerateRDF.py
     A file explorer window will open and prompt you to choose a folder. All files including any sub-files within the folder or sub-folders of the folder that you will choose will all automatically be included in the RDF file. Wait till the cmd prints done. then import the rdf file into zotero choosing Zotero RDF file type to import. [The file will be generated in the same directory as the script file.]
     - The generation script uses the name of the file as the name of the entry in Zotero and the name of the attached file.
     - If you want to specify a specific file path instead of using the file explorer, insert the file path into the op_folder variable, and comment the File Selector Block in the Main Method.
     - Change the Output_name variable in the code to whatever you want the file's name to be.
     - **Make sure there are no .rdf files with the same name as the one in the Output_name variable before using the script to generate an RDF file.**
     - In order to avoid collisions in Zotero from having the same identifier no for each item, do not import more than one .rdf file generated by the script into each collection, or adjust the initialization counter to start with a number higher than the last item entered using this script, the counter number for every item is printed in the cmd with each successful file write.
     - Either let the script generate the .rdf fully until it is done or if you have to do it over several times, make sure the RDF initial tags (the very first few lines)at the start of the .rdf when viewed from a text/code editor) are not repeated where you stopped last time.
     - The script is set to only attach files using the File Link mode, you can adjust it in the code to 1 for attaching the file itself to Zotero storage linked on your hard-drive, 2 for linking only the path or 3 for Web link.
     - You can add new entries manually in the software normally into the collection after importing from .rdf file generated.
     
- ##### **Contributing Guidelines**:
	- I recognized there is a number of areas where this script can be improved (read the usage) and optimized, feel free to improve and use the script as you like and find it necessary for your work or personal use.
	
- ##### **License**:
	- The **GNU Affero General Public License version 3 (AGPL-3.0)** is a free software license that extends the principles of the GPL-3.0 to software that is used over a network**. Key features include:

    - Freedom to Use: Users can run the software for any purpose.
    - Freedom to Modify: Users can alter the software to fit their needs.
    - Freedom to Distribute: Users can share the original software and their modifications.
    - Network Use: If you modify the software and use it on a server, you must make the source code available to users interacting with it over the network.
    - Copyleft: Any distributed modifications or derived works must be licensed under AGPL-3.0, ensuring the same freedoms are maintained.
	
- ##### **Requirements**:
	- only **Watchdog** library, the rest are included in the python library.

- Feel free to contact me if you need help with anything.
